it's like you have this pressure that
you need to be working all the time
because everybody seems to be working
all the time and that's not true
hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
whenever Cambridge blog and it's about
8:30 so I'm pretty late for my 9:00 a.m.
lecture for my standards because today
I'm going to the Faculty of see Jen and
yesterday we actually made ourselves
some healthy food which I'm just going
to show you guys now to process because
this was pretty special for me hi guys
so um something special is happening I'm
becoming healthy yeah look at my teacher
yeah and you see this is what we have
tonight support ourselves while we make
right it's a side yeah I guess you could
say it's a side dish just like I need my
protein so that's what we're doing guys
but we are actually making pasta and
then we're also gonna make a salad and
we're gonna bring that salad to class
tomorrow because I have a really long
day
so normally we would eat then which is
that a faculty which isn't exactly like
the best thing because you could just
bring your own lunch so that's we're
gonna try tomorrow
so yeah let's hope that I don't give us
food poisoning and we're both dead by
tomorrow so yeah so this is what our
salad looks like I feel looks really
good we just like to add the dressing
but we're just going to do that tomorrow
morning but basically we're gonna take
this and just put it some Tupperware and
then we're gonna bring it to the faculty
and hopefully it's gonna be enough so
yeah we're gonna bring the food to the
faculty today and hopefully it's gonna
be good and it's gonna taste good yeah
that's hopefully gonna be the case so
now I'm on my way to faculty basically
and I have six hours of lectures today
so it will be a long day
so yeah let's do it
[Music]
and I'm back in my room now so I've been
for six hours of lectures and it was
exhausting to be honest but I honestly
feel better than I thought I would um
yeah I can I mean yeah I'm still
exhausted
um so that is definitely true but um I
do still like feel like I have some
energy in me to do work which is
beautiful so here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna write an essay that I don't
actually have to write yeah am i stupid
probably I mean here's the thing I only
had one super vision this week and
that's the only super vision that I'm
gonna have for the entire week and I've
already done with it so I think I can
afford to spend this evening just doing
that essay and then preparing my work
for other super visions but not really
you know doing it just like preparing
like my note-taking and stuff um making
sure I download all the readings and you
know the stuff that doesn't really take
a lot of brainpower so that's pretty
much the plan because I have a lot of
supervisions next week and I actually
made this kind of depressing way of
showing myself the work I have to finish
so I just put post-its up here I was
like land law international law contract
law and then jurisprudence because those
are the ones that I have to finish and
like my plan is whenever I finish one of
those supervision works I'm just gonna
take down to post it and it's gonna have
this like motivating effect on me the
problem is right now it's having a
really depressing effect on me because I
see them and I'm just like this is my
week okay and my weekend that's it so
yeah but at the same time it's kind of
motivating because you can like
visualize your success which hopefully
there will be some that we can you know
take off post it but yeah now I'm first
of all gonna write that I say it was an
optional essay but I did take a lot of
notes on the question so I feel like I
could produce a decent or even good
essay on it so that's why I'm writing it
and I mean it's an extra opportunity to
get feedback which is always great
because you know the more feedback you
get the better you can prepare for the
exam so that's why I'm writing this
essay so I'm gonna do that now and we're
gonna see how long it takes I hope it
will take me like max an hour and yep
then it's time for dinner and then we're
gonna do some preparation work
[Music]
so it's time for dinner guys um so I
have this your bird which I happen to
eat way too often I don't know I'm kind
of addicted to this at this point I got
to eat this for breakfast and when I go
to the battery at you for dinner too and
then I have these potatoes and whatever
vegetables because you know I'm European
so we eat a lot of potatoes yeah that
it's not a stereotype it's just true
so yeah that's gonna be my dinner
because I was responsible and I went to
the buttery instead of McDonald's so
we're still moving my self-imposed
weekly limit of two times of eating
McDonald's max so yeah we're gonna see
if I can stick to it this week I really
failed last week so it's let's hope I'll
do better
so yeah I'm gonna eat this and I think
I'm just gonna watch some Netflix
because today was really you know a
really long day so I just don't think
I'm in the mood to start a book so I'm
just gonna open my Netflix probably
rewatched a blacklist for like the
thousandth time but yeah that's probably
what I'm gonna do and yeah then it's
time to get back to work
[Music]
[Applause]
and it's a little bit later and I'm done
which is really nice so I wrote my essay
and I just didn't put it in one of these
file holders and yeah I'm thinking I'm
just gonna go quickly to the porters
Lodge and just drop it off there because
the way it works in college is if you
want to hand in an essay that you're
hand wrote um you basically just give to
the porters and they will put it in the
pigeonhole of your professor you can
also type your essays usually in first
term that's fine um I have learned the
hard way in second term that like I have
lost my ability to handwrite especially
to handwrite nicely which is where it
took me forever to handwrite this in
like a legible way so that's why I've
decided to handwrite all of masses this
year just you know get that skill
because in the exams you do have to hand
write your essays anyway so that's what
I'm planning to do down and I think I'm
just gonna go Henderson and then I'm
gonna get ready for bed and just go to
sleep
I also did type a few things for my
supervision just basic you know writing
down a list of stuff because I only half
of supervision sheet as a hard copy we
didn't get an electronic one so you know
I have to write down anyway so I can
just suit up maybe I start up a few more
readings I don't know but I might just
go to sleep but yeah I am gonna drop off
this essays and system and yeah then I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow morning
good morning guys it's the next day and
I'm basically on my way to debauch for
ya but today I only have two lectures
which is beautiful and I'm probably
gonna go to the library after that and
just work a little more so today I'm
working on international law cuz I have
four supervisions next week so you know
we gotta start working on that I'm
international laws only my second
supervision next week but I like
international best so I like to
compromise I've made of myself as like
I'm gonna do that first because that
kind of motivates me to do the other
ones um hopefully so yeah also today I'm
channeling my inner children see well
because I have a little bow here I don't
know I thought it was cute now I'm not
so sure anymore but ya know it stays
because I need to go and get breakfast
because I'm really hungry and yeah
that's pretty much the plan today two
lectures and then just doing a lot of
readings for international
and hopefully getting far on my reading
list but we'll see about that
so yeah let's go
[Music]
remember how this morning I was like I'm
gonna go to the library and I'm gonna do
some like there that's it obviously not
happen cuz I'm in my room um so yeah
that's dead so basically um I'm tired
and that's bad um because I don't know I
didn't really sleep well um so I think I
I need to nap um so I'm gonna take a nap
and that's my plan
and after that nap I'm just gonna work
yeah I'm just gonna stay in my room
because it is raining a lot and there
was no way out leaving my room before
his rain stops I don't know if you can
see this but I you know it doesn't look
that okay now you can you can kind of
see how it's raining up there on the
river so yeah like the Webber is like
summing it up it's not great so we are
not leaving the room so yeah I'm just
gonna stay here I'm gonna take a little
nap I'm just gonna chill a little
because I need to and then I'm gonna get
back to work and I'm back and it's a few
hours later and did I do any work in
these few hours no but I'm in my study
spot so you know we're good to go
so my study spots basic you're just here
hanging out right at my window but I
love this cuz you know you see the old
library of John's and you even get a
look at the Masters Lodge it's really
really nice and you can occasionally see
people punting here and they're just
really really fun yeah that's where I go
to do my readings but yep and basically
took a break for like okay three hours
four hours I'm not really sure but I was
just really really tired no she's like
nothing on my bed no like I know I
should get up but like I am I'm just not
gonna be productive anyway so I might as
well just lie down and yeah I think it
was good oh I think it helped um you
know it all want to see like last year
like I wouldn't have you know been
honest about that in a vlog if that
makes sense like I wouldn't have wanted
to like you know seem unproductive or
whatever but now I just feel like you
know that's like self-care in a way um
so yeah
I don't know if you guys like these like
little chats that I can't have you guys
were you know talk a little bit about
like my mental health issue that I had
and everything yeah I don't know I don't
know how I feel about these parts when I
added them but yeah you guys are
basically defero piss I don't pay for it
Oh
get over it no but in all seriousness
you know um I wouldn't have you know
really shared this last year probably
that you know I just took like a break
of a few hours and I feel like sometimes
you know even when we have conversations
or for our friends it's like you have
this pressure that you need to be
working all the time because everybody
seems to be working all the time and
that's not true you know it just seems
like for everybody it's going so well
and they can just work so many hours but
there's a word for that and it's called
the Dec effect because when you're a
duck you know you are really struggling
Underwood with I don't even know what's
up dude exit feat do you call it feat
we're gonna call it feat now you know
they struggle underwater it's you know
keep themselves up and you know swim but
when you see them from the outside it
seems like you're so calm on the water
and if you're a duck and you look to all
the other ducks they're really calm but
you feel like you already only want
struggling when it's not true um so yeah
I feel like sometimes we just have this
pressure to like you know pretend we're
always productive that we're always
working and yeah it's not great and I
think I've really learned to let go of
is this yeah which is something I'm
quite proud of so yeah that was an
inspirational talk of Elena and now
Elena actually needs to do work so let's
do it
[Music]
so Susan is on her way to dinner
looking very officials said kids like
there a lot of Norfolk dinners that I
hosted and you could just go and like
you know meet some people and get free
food which is beautiful and I'm here and
I'm gonna eat McDonald's that's what I'm
feeling like oh yeah I mean I've still
been my self-imposed two times a week
limit which is great and this is my
second time it is first day so I have a
decent chance of light actually sticking
to the limit I highly doubt it doesn't
like happen that I actually stick to it
I feel like it's gonna be like a free
time thing but that is still good like I
have had weeks where I went there like
six times so free times would be nice
yeah
like I'll I'll take it um so yeah I'm
just gonna go to McDonald's really
quickly hoping it's not gonna rain
because today was a super rainy day and
yeah then I'm probably gonna salt my new
book it's already first day but I really
wasn't in a mood to start it earlier but
I'm currently reading Lord Byron's
selected poems wait but I really like
his poetry but yeah he's basically like
a playboy who is also a good poet and
that's kind of how he got away of it I
guess um so yeah yeah yeah that's pretty
much what I'm gonna do so I'm back and
of course I got mine but I feel like I'm
becoming healthier guys I know I suck at
promoting a healthy lifestyle but like I
did get my chicken McNuggets so guilty
as charged but I also got a salad which
I feel like is improvement you know um I
know I got that salad at McDonald's yeah
stuff like that but you know we're going
places healthy places oh yeah I don't
know if that counts oh it counts in my
book and that's what matters so here's
the time for now I'm gonna eat this and
I'm gonna read a little bit in this book
personally I really like Lord Byron's a
poetry but it's
thing that I feel like you either love
or hate but yeah if you guys interested
in a book and we link it in the info box
below but I would recommend like just
you know googling his poems and just
reading a few and if you like them the
book will probably interested you if you
don't then yeah because I just feel like
you know poetry something that's really
specific and when you like a poet like
you're more likely to like do you ever
works that they have but when you don't
like their work it's just yeah then it's
a pain to read it but yeah that's pretty
much my plan for the rest of the evening
I'm just gonna read a little bit of
poetry eat some chicken McNuggets and my
salad and maybe I'm gonna do a bit more
work has I haven't been too productive
today but we're gonna see but yeah I
don't want to bore you guys too many
time lapses so I think I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning
well good morning guys it's the next day
it is 8 o'clock and we have one lecture
today which is at 11:00 even sadder
alive because I have one lecture in and
I'm done so today I'm gonna make up for
my lazy day yesterday hopefully and you
have to noon I'm also gonna go to the
Rifle Association which it's a weird
hobby of mine yeah there's a Cambridge
Club for it and I only learned how to do
like at Cambridge but I like it so far
so yeah I'm gonna go back there um and
yeah that's pretty much the plan for the
day so I'm going out now because I'm
gonna work in the Faculty that's why
like I'm properly dressed and see
Jenna's gonna leave a like what in like
two hours yeah so I would like going out
cause I just have to like put on
lipstick and like a different sweater
and I'm like she already looks like kind
of put together ah yeah you do like when
I wake up I look like I mean the Grinch
and I look horrible I wake up not really
I see her because she always comes out
of her room to go to the bathroom and
I'm already awake I was like good
morning good morning that my I can't see
cuz I guess I'm just like squinting my
hair is like super messy but it's fine
it's fine it's fine
so yeah that's the plan for today I'm
just lots of reading
one lonely lecture and then we're free
so yeah let's do it
[Music]
I love people so I'm back and I went to
the battery with the best intentions you
know I was like yeah like I'm gonna be
healthy and I'm gonna stick to myself
and post limit and then I walked in
there and well things happen because
they had hot dogs so this is my healthy
meal I guess I also did get like some
potatoes chips under there so I don't
know what I was like count potato chips
yeah that is my healthy meal from the
buttery dough okay we didn't get to
McDonald's we're still in a weekly limit
of two times yeah so I'm gonna eat this
and then I'll probably do some work and
yeah then it's time for me to go to the
Rifle Association which may sound a bit
weird to some people because a lot of
people when I hear like rifles and stuff
to you know pick up the NRA or whatever
um but yeah I was honestly very
prejudiced like when I started it I like
very sure if I really want to be there
but I wanted to try it out once because
in Germany it's really hard and I get a
chance to try it out and here they have
trial sessions and I went there and I
really loved it because you just focus
on like one point I'm like you know
koalas just like trying to get to that
target and yeah like it's it's really
relaxed thinking away from me because my
brain only focuses on one thing and I'm
somebody who usually has like 10 million
Fox running in her head at the same time
so this is like something that like for
me is very relaxing I never thought that
would be a hobby of mine but it is um so
yeah that's why I'm going to every once
in a while but yeah it hasn't changed my
opinion on things like you know wanting
stricter laws for guns in countries
where they aren't there yet like for
example the US or whatever but it
certainly has like change some of my
perceptions on people who do go to
shooting ranges because I can kind of
understand why you would have it as a
hobby now which before I honestly
couldn't so yeah that's why I go to
every once in a while it's a cool thing
to do and I Cambridge you have so many
opportunities to join extracurriculars
which you don't usually could join you
know I think it's really hard
to get into like rifle cups or whatever
especially in Europe because we have
really strict regulations and you need
to pass tests etc so it's really cool
that here you can just learn it there so
yeah that's the plan for the rest of the
day some more readings and then going
for the Rifle Association and of course
eating my wonderful hot dog but yeah I
think I'm gonna end the vlog here
because I can't bring you guys um to the
shooting range because we keep it
confidential today so where exactly it
is Arman stuff and yeah I also don't
always want to be too awkward person who
brings a camera so yeah but I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thank you so
much for watching it really means a lot
and I also just wanted to say thank you
because recently my videos have been
doing really well in comparison to my
other videos on my channel um I don't
mean you know why but I'm really really
grateful for people watching you have no
idea how much it means to people you
know who put hours into creating content
like me and then you know people react
positively to it it's a really really
nice feeling so thank you so much for
watching have a nice day bye